Run hlint and fourmolu in CI (#294)
fossas/spectrometer: HACKING.md

`hlint` is built into HLS, and is enabled by default. hlint suggestions appear as warnings in the editor.

You can also use `make lint` to run the linter.

> `make lint` is run in CI, so any outlying errors will prevent merging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`make lint` is run in CI. Any errors will prevent merging.
```

Make sure to run the formatter on any files you modify. Enabling `Editor: Format On Save` in VSCode can make satisfying this requirement easier.

You can run `make fmt` to run the formatter on the entire codebase, or `make check-fmt` to dry-run the formatter.

> `make check-fmt` is run in CI, so any formatting errors will revent merging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`make fmt` is run in CI, so any formatting errors will prevent merging.
```
